Nit fixes (#239)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

      compared using `==` to the corresponding element of the second array, or
    * equal objects, that is objects where:
        * for each member of the first object with name `n` and value `v`, there is a member of the second object
          with name `n` and value `w` where `v` and `w` yield true when compared using `==`, and
        * for each member of the second object with name `n` and value `v`, there is a member of the first object
          with name `n` and value `w` where `v` and `w` yield true when compared using `==`.
* a comparison using the operator `!=` yields true if and only if the comparison
is not between equal values of the same type.

* a comparison using one of the operators `<`, `<=`, `>`, or `>=` yields true if and only if
the comparison is between values of the same type which are both numbers or both strings and which satisfy the comparison:

>     * numbers conforming to I-JSON {{-i-json}} MUST compare using the normal mathematical ordering;

Reviewer: I'm not sure numbers can "conform" to I-JSON.
Section 2.2 describes when numbers cannot expected to interoperate; the base-10/base-2 problem is not really addressed (but a concept of "expressing" precision is raised that may be hard to define).

```suggestion
    * numbers expected to interoperate as per {{Section 2.2 of -i-json (I-JSON)}} MUST compare using the normal mathematical ordering;
```

>       numbers not conforming to I-JSON MAY compare using an implementation specific ordering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      numbers not expected to interoperate as per I-JSON MAY compare using an implementation specific ordering
```
